First Steps
===========

Work Laptop
-----------
Check your personal email for login instructions from IT.

Work email
----------
Look for an email asking you to change your password that mentions “the Center
for Reimagining Learning”. Submit a new password, and sign into your now
accessible account.

`Jira/Confluence <https://openedx.atlassian.net/jira/projects>`__
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Set up an account with
`Jira/Confluence <https://openedx.atlassian.net/jira/projects>`__ by clicking
the sign-in icon in the top right, and setting up your account via Google SSO
using your tCRIL email address. Verify your email address using the link sent
from Jira. Use the grid of nine dots in the upper left corner to switch between
Jira and Confluence.

You'll also need to get yourself added to the ``TCRIL`` Atlassian Group.  `File
an issue`_ to get yourself access.  Sample Text::

    Hello,  I just joined the tCRIL engineering team and would like to be added
    to the `TCRIL` Atlassian Team.

.. _File an issue: https://github.com/openedx/tcril-engineering/issues/new?assignees=&labels=github-request&template=04-systems-request---uncategorized.yml&title=[GH+Request]+tCRIL+Jira+Group+Access

.. warning::

   Your new level of access will let you change the visibility of pages.
   Making private pages public is a tricky legal matter though so don't make them
    public unless you've spoken with the team first. Archiving pages is OK.

`discuss.openedx.org <https://discuss.openedx.org/>`__
------------------------------------------------------
Set up an account on discuss.openedx.org by selecting the Google Account option
using the Sign Up button in the upper right. Use a tcril.org email address or
SSO.

GitHub
------
Using your personal account for work now? Better change the email too. You will
be getting many notifications a day and you’ll want them all in one place. Use
the `GitHub email settings <https://github.com/settings/emails>`_ and the
`GitHub notifications settings <https://github.com/settings/notifications>`_ to
add your email address and change where the notifications go. Be sure to enable
2 Factor Authentication within
`GitHub Security Settings <https://github.com/settings/security>`_.

Google SSO Services
-------------------

Once you have access to your tCRIL google account, you'll also have access to a
bunch of services that are setup for SSO(Single Sign-On) via Google.

You can find a list of services hooked up via SSO on our `Google Workspace
Dashboard`_

Keeper
~~~~~~

Keeper is the password management service we use at tCRIL and you should be able
to login via the `Google Workspace Dashboard`_

Before anyone can share credentials with you, you'll need to login to the
service at least once so that your Keeper account can be created and associated
with your tCRIL google account.

Once you've logged into Keeper, let your manager know that you have done so, so
they can give you access to any folders you will need to do your job.

.. _Google Workspace Dashboard: https://workspace.google.com/u/0/dashboard
